Welcome to Biotechnologie TV, the news magazine of
Biotechnology de what were the main scientific
Discovery of the year 2008 was the subject of the journal Science Gedanken
Made and a top ten best work created in seventh place
Team from Heidelberg the development biologists are really
succeeded in spectacular shots
still thousands of zebrafish are unsorted in the Prius
as if on a secret command they begin to wander form Zennstrom and
condense
the Heidelberg researchers around Philipp Keller succeeded for the first time one
to shoot three-dimensional movie from the first 24 hours of a zebra's table
the photographs captivatingly show a miracle of the genesis of life
Incidentally, in the first place of the top ten, it will once also be a biological
Topic the conversion of body cells in stem cells to therapeutic ones
purposes
All scientists are boring space and definitely not cool
Journalist Jon wanted to disprove this prejudice and started for
the home in the magazine an unusual competition
our triggers
Albrecht Peltzer
a polonaise
dpa what can Franz so
These artists have one thing in common they are in their true lives
scientist
they followed the call of the passenger train became work
For example, the role of
Kelly was convinced
"We are sure to be a big deal
in it's name again says Blue that's due to the dye account for years
Bastian Knop a scientist from Wolfsburg has joined in his
thesis
By the time he was 10 years old he had found out that there was one
has positive effect on the human immune system
now he wants to try with the blogger dye no drugs against
To develop inflammatory diseases
2008 was the year of mathematics the science year 2009 is under the
Motto research expedition Germany this will be a 300 meter long train
rebuilt
How will science change our lives over the next few years?
this question seeks to answer an interactive exhibition the spaces
but are not in a building but in a train with twelve
Themed wagons
one of them deals with biotechnology
The exhibition is run by the Federal Ministry of Education and
Research organized together with the max-planck-Gesellschaft
the Leitzkauer Parkinson break brain cells
no problem they could be replaced stem cells
that at least some clinics promise on their internet sites and
thus aroused hopes that can not be fulfilled
The theory sounds promising stem cells can be almost all cells
to be bred as we were in the Cretaceous of the past edition
have learned
novel therapies for previously incurable diseases appear
The hopes for patients, for example, are great
Parkinson's suffer with amazing healing NVA have since
Some clinics on the internet for their stem cell therapies
Canadian researchers have analyzed and warned about these offers in a study
Normally the treatments Norman does not pose risks on the internet
is pointed out
The animals are also extremely expensive, but especially the use of such
Treatments have not been proven because research on stem cell therapy is
not mature yet
our category Cretaceous explains terms from biotechnology today in
the Cretaceous the Bernina Günter Frenz
he was a lecturer for us scientists a revolution
to know about it
the information
Albert can and must be elected
in a messenger substance the so-called NRK
be transmitted
with the help of mRNA if then
the ice formed
what the actual work in the cell is
to find out what makes protein as a possibility
Turning off this protein used to be quite expensive
for it so destroyed
leave the plant but then just fell possibilities of the hand
by giving her the Air Maroc
For that, we have to smuggle a path to a cell
again at the appropriate Nr after finished
and this Mr is then destroyed
this process if the appointed changes
he also had a very easy option with the help of the appointed France
the excursion to the billing and find out
which alone was that
the Wars again to look intendant feet and I have to go again